Data Reference
--------------
Working definition as of 4 November 2012

At present our library works with books, graphic books, audio books, e-books, music, video, (card/board/role-playing) games, and videogames. 

Each object has a unique ID made up of a string indicating it's type (b for book, ba for audio book, bg for graphic book
be for e-book, v for video, m for music, p for periodical, g for game, and gv for videogame) and an ID number identifying the order in which the items of a
particular type were entered into the catalog, so b1 means the first traditional book in the catalog and v4 would mean the 
fourth video in the catalog.

The standard value types that are used across all media types are cover, title, subtitle, creator, provider, year,
type, age_group, media, call_number, in_out.

cover contains a link to the cover art, probably formatted like 'covers/media_title.png', but currently not formally
defined.

title contains the title of the work. Any string should be a legal value.

subtitle is just like title, but for work subtitles. This type may be extraneous.

creator is the name of the person, persons, or organization that created the work. In the case of movies, this is the director.
In the case of periodicals, this is the editor-in-chief. If the creator is a person, the assumed format of their name is Last, First;
otherwise, creators will be sorted by first name.

provider is the company responsible for producing and/or distributing the work. 

year contains the year a work came out. For consistency shake, this should be a String rather than Numeric value.

age_group contains the age group that media is targeted for, currently legal values are 'Children', 'YA', and 'Adult'.

media is the type of item. Current legal values are 'Book', 'Ebook', 'Graphic_Book', 'Audio_Book', 'Video', 'Music', 
'Videogame', and 'Game'.

call_number is the call number for the item. We're using Dewey decimal. Should be a String value.

tags is any arbitrary information a user wants to add for an item. Any string should be a legal value. Individual tags should be 
separated by commas with or without a space between a comma and the next tag.

in_out shows whether the item is checked in or out. Legal values are 'in' and 'out'.

out_to shows who the item is checked out to. Legal values are the borrower's name or an empty string.

on_loan shows whether the item was borrowed from someone else or not. Legal values are 'yes' and 'no'.

loaned_by shows who an item was borrowed from. Legal values are the loaner's name or a blank string.

reference holds the unique identifier of each item.

Books, graphic books, e-books have the additional type artwork for the artist(s) involved in the work.

Video has the additional type of writers, for the screenwriters (names separated by commas) (and the author of any book it was based on, if you want) 
and main_cast which has a list of cast members, separated by commas.

Music has the additional type of line_up, another comma seperated list of band members, and track_list,
a list of the songs on the album seperated by vertical bars ( | ), because songs may have commas in their
titles.

Periodicals and graphic books (which includes comics) have the additional types of volume and issue.

All values left blank should be empty strings.

Games have the additional type of format ('Board', 'Card', others yet to be defined) and genre ('Trivia', 'Strategy',
maybe just whatever the user feels like adding).

Videogames has platform ('Wii', 'Genesis', 'DS', etc. This could (maybe should) be 'Nintendo Wii', 'Sega Genesis', 'Nintendo DS', etc.)
and genre ('Shooter', 'RPG', etc. This could also be left of to the user if we don't want to define everything).
